## Name
javalinServer

## Description

Server providing Trading serves that allows signed up Users to buy various goods
## Authors

Rabie Alawad
Linus Remy
## Used liberaries and Frameworks
Javalin : Javalin is a very lightweight web framework for Kotlin and Java which supports WebSockets, HTTP2 and async requests. Javalin’s main goals are simplicity, a great developer experience, and first class interoperability between Kotlin and Java.
jckson : Jackson has been known as "the Java JSON library" or "the best JSON parser for Java". Or simply as "JSON for Java".
java.time :  The main API for dates, times, instants, and durations.

java.util.ArrayList :Resizable-array implementation of the List interface. Implements all optional list operations, and permits all elements, including null. In addition to implementing the List interface, this class provides methods to manipulate the size of the array that is used internally to store the list.
java.util.List: An ordered collection (also known as a sequence). The user of this interface has precise control over where in the list each element is inserted. The user can access elements by their integer index (position in the list), and search for elements in the list.
java.util.objects:This class consists of static utility methods for operating on objects. These utilities include null-safe or null-tolerant methods for computing the hash code of an object, returning a string for an object, and comparing two objects.
Lombok :Project Lombok is a java library that automatically plugs into your editor and build tools, spicing up your java. Never write another getter or equals method again, with one annotation your class has a fully featured builder, automate your logging variables, and much more
## addFundsToUser
the function adds funds to a user account and is used in the Rest api interface when receiving add funds Request
## getKursByRequest
returns the course of a good based on information provided by th GetKursRequest object and  is used in the Rest api interface when receiving add funds Request getkurs request
## addItemsToUser
processes buy request and does all necessary steps to get the request done
## AddFundRequest 
is the request object that a User sends to increase his account balance by an amount saved in the variable value
## BuyRequest
is the request object that a User sends to buy an amount of a good
## GetKursRequest
is the request object that a User sends to get the current course of  a certian good
## Good 
is the Object that represents goods based on an id, name and Kurs object

## GoodsService
The class that manages goods and stors a list of them
## getGood
returns the Good object of a given id
## Kurs
 this Class represents the course of a given good over 24 houres that is generated by the function creatKurs
## getCourseByTime
returns the course of a given time point
## User 
a Class that both represents signed up users and manages them
## getUserById
returns the user of a given Id
## Class diagram
every user has a user name , password, inventory and guthaben and is saved in the Static userList of the class User
addFundsRequest, and buyRequest and deleteUser have to be assosiated with a User in the data base and this assosiation is built by the user name 
a Buy request needs to have an Id of the desired good 
GoodService has a List that contains all the available Goods 
## Rest Interface
The Rest interface opens multiple endpoints to allow the Client to send Requests to be processed by the Server
\buy 
a path over which the client sends Buying Requests
\sell
a path over which the client sends Selling Requests
\inventory
a path over which the client sends Requests that displays the content of the Inventory
\addfund
a path over which the client sends add fund Requests
/Getkurs
a path over which the client sends Requests to view the current course of a certian Good
\addUser
a path over which the client sends Requests to add a new user
\deleteuser
a path over which the client sends  Requests to delete a user
\goods
a path over which the client receives the entire List of Goods that is offered by the server at the time
\good{ID}
a path over which the client can receive a specific Good-Object, type depending on the ID-parameter specified by the client


##Client specific:

The Login class handles the Login process, asking the user to identify himself by typing username and password.
Then it is possible to verify user/password locally via the hard coded userList, or ask server which is preferred. If server confirms user as valid and the password as correct, then user is logged in and can proceed using the client for managing goods/funds etc.

Clients menu class is responsible for handling user inputs and printing information received by the server to the user.
Main Menu provides all options the user can choose from (defined by the REST-paths above). By choosing an option the user triggers a specific sub Menu, which then gives the user the option to enter more detailed information, such as which good he desires to buy and what amount etc..
The RequestBuilder class is responsible for communicating with the Server, it builds requests depending on the paths chosen by the user when using the menu interface. The requests are then sent to the server and the responses are returned to the menu interface for printing/user output. The RequestBuilder makes use of the defined Request Templates (BuyRequest/SellRequest/GetKursRequest...), which we implemented similarily both in client and server, enabling flawless communication between server and client via json and offering easy conversion back to java objects, which can then be further handled by server or client.
The Main class initializes the client and then calls the menu for user interaction. The clients root is the main class, where objectmappers, scanners etc. are defined.

List of Options the user can choose from:
1. Receive a List of all Goods the server has to offer. (List Object and user-friendly list of Item-Names can be returned)
2. Receive a specific Good-Object (e.g. "Wood").
3. Receive the current price of a specific Good.
4. User can add Funds to their account.
5. Buy an item (specified amount of good at the current price)
6. Sell an item (User can choose price at which he wants to sell the item, as well as how many items he wants to sell)
7. User can see his inventory, precisly knowing how many items of what kind he possesses.
8. A new User can be registered, server will add the new username/password combination to the list of existing users.
9. An existing user can be deleted from the servers user list.

The user can exit the program by typing anything else, beyond the options 1-9, when he currently is navigating the main menu.
