## Name
javalinServer

## Description

Server providing Trading serves that allows signed up Users to buy various goods
## Authors

Rabie Alawad
Linus Remy
## Used liberaries and Frameworks
Javalin : Javalin is a very lightweight web framework for Kotlin and Java which supports WebSockets, HTTP2 and async requests. Javalin’s main goals are simplicity, a great developer experience, and first class interoperability between Kotlin and Java.
jckson : Jackson has been known as "the Java JSON library" or "the best JSON parser for Java". Or simply as "JSON for Java".
java.time :  The main API for dates, times, instants, and durations.

java.util.ArrayList :Resizable-array implementation of the List interface. Implements all optional list operations, and permits all elements, including null. In addition to implementing the List interface, this class provides methods to manipulate the size of the array that is used internally to store the list.
java.util.List: An ordered collection (also known as a sequence). The user of this interface has precise control over where in the list each element is inserted. The user can access elements by their integer index (position in the list), and search for elements in the list.
java.util.objects:This class consists of static utility methods for operating on objects. These utilities include null-safe or null-tolerant methods for computing the hash code of an object, returning a string for an object, and comparing two objects.
Lombok :Project Lombok is a java library that automatically plugs into your editor and build tools, spicing up your java. Never write another getter or equals method again, with one annotation your class has a fully featured builder, automate your logging variables, and much more
## addFundsToUser
the function adds funds to a user account and is used in the Rest api interface when receiving add funds Request
## getKursByRequest
returns the course of a good based on information provided by th GetKursRequest object and  is used in the Rest api interface when receiving add funds Request getkurs request
## addItemsToUser
processes buy request and does all necessary steps to get the request done
## AddFundRequest 
is the request object that a User sends to increase his account balance by an amount saved in the variable value
## BuyRequest
is the request object that a User sends to buy an amount of a good
## GetKursRequest
is the request object that a User sends to get the current course of  a certian good
## Good 
is the Object that represents goods based on an id, name and Kurs object

## GoodsService
The class that manages goods and stors a list of them
## getGood
returns the Good object of a given id
## Kurs
 this Class represents the course of a given good over 24 houres that is generated by the function creatKurs
## getCourseByTime
returns the course of a given time point
## User 
a Class that both represents signed up users and manages them
## getUserById
returns the user of a given Id
## Class diagram
every user has a user name , password, inventory and guthaben and is saved in the Static userList of the class User
addFundsRequest, and buyRequest and deleteUser have to be assosiated with a User in the data base and this assosiation is built by the user name 
a Buy request needs to have an Id of the desired good 
GoodService has a List that contains all the available Goods 
## Rest Interface
The Rest interface opens multiple endpoints to allow the Client to send Requests to be processed by the Server
\buy 
a path over which the client sends Buying Requests
\sell
a path over which the client sends Selling Requests
\inventory
a path over which the client sends Requests that displays the content of the Inventory
\addfund
a path over which the client sends add fund Requests
/Getkurs
a path over which the client sends Requests to view the current course of a certian Good
\addUser
a path over which the client sends Requests to add a new user
\deleteuser
a path over which the client sends  Requests to delete a user





